README.md, before:

# vamptify
hihi welcome to my first spicetify theme, currently called Vamptify!
Vamptify includes a little extension to help it do some fancy stuff like setting the background of the lyrics page to the song's album cover, and... tinting the spotify green graphics to match the theme colors. yup.
this document is here to walk you through setting up the theme so it works properly and such :o should be pretty straightforward!!

# setup instructions
without further ado, here are the setup instructions! [make sure you have spicetify installed first](https://spicetify.app/docs/getting-started#installation)

- extract the .zip to a new folder in spicetify's Themes directory (https://spicetify.app/docs/development/themes)
- pick a color scheme! open up colors.ini with anything that can open text files (notepad will work just fine), and look for the stuff in [brackets] - those are the names of the colorschemes! right below the name is a description of what it should look like.
- open up powershell (you can either search the start menu or do Windows+R and type "powershell"!)
- enter the following one line at a time, replacing <your-color-scheme> with the name of the color scheme you choose (no brackets):

<code>spicetify config current_theme Vamptify
 spicetify config color_scheme \<your-color-scheme\>
 spicetify apply</code>

- and you should be all good!
- (if spicetify suggests you do another command first before any step, go ahead and do it, then come back to the step!)

# notes
oh and just to note here - the color scheme "vibe" is very much a work in progress. eventually there will be a pink on black theme, but i genuinely forgot i had intended vibe to be that so it's not. that. oops.
with that in mind, i'm like, *sort of* open to color scheme suggestions, but i'm not likely to incorporate them unless a. i like them and/or b. you make it yourself (forking the repo and adding to colors.ini, or even just giving me like. actual hex codes idk.)

Commit message:

fixed cover art errors, updated readme
README.md
- actually described the theme in the readme
- once again fixed a vanishing piece of the readme
- added a step to setup to enable theme js
- changed notes section to color schemes section, which now describes all color schemes
- added bugs section for bug reporting info

theme.js
- fixed lyrics image fetching not working in most cases.
  - the extension will try to fetch the image URI through track metadata first.
  - failing that, it will fetch the URI from one of the cover art images displayed on-screen.
  - failing *that,* it will use a placeholder image (defaultCoverArt)
- improved documentation of methods
- renamed "assignTintValues" to "setFilterProperties" to better describe what it does (sets the spice-filter css properties)

README.md, after:

# vamptify
hihi welcome to my first spicetify theme, currently called Vamptify!
this theme's main goal is to suit my personal tastes - fun colors, a bit more compact than modern spotify.
It also adds a few spin animations, including a "record spin" animation on the play button and user avatars. Turning on reduced motion should disable this!
Some buttons, most notably the back/forward history buttons, are moved from their default position because i didn't like where they were.

Vamptify includes a little extension which you'll probably want to enable! The extension does the following:
- sets the background of the lyrics page to the current song's album cover
- tells the theme how to tint the spotify green graphics to match your colorscheme

# setup instructions
without further ado, here are the setup instructions! [make sure you have spicetify installed first](https://spicetify.app/docs/getting-started#installation)

- extract the .zip to a new folder in spicetify's Themes directory (https://spicetify.app/docs/development/themes)
- pick a color scheme! open up colors.ini with anything that can open text files (notepad will work just fine), and look for the stuff in [brackets] - those are the names of the colorschemes! right below the name is a description of what it should look like.
- open up powershell (you can either search the start menu or do Windows+R and type "powershell"!)
- enter the following one line at a time, replacing \<your-color-scheme\> with the name of the color scheme you choose (no brackets):

<code>spicetify config current_theme Vamptify
 spicetify config color_scheme \<your-color-scheme\>
 spicetify config inject_theme_js 1
 spicetify apply</code>

- and you should be all good!
- (if spicetify suggests you do another command first before any step, go ahead and do it, then come back to the step!)

# color schemes
included:
- <code>cybermoth</code> (default, dark): light green and pink on dark purple
- <code>moth-to-flame</code> (dark): gold on dark, warm purple
- <code>moonlit-waves</code> (dark): blue on dark, cool purple
- <code>vibe</code> (dark): pink and blue on dark purple? WIP
- <code>sun-at-night</code> (midnight): gold on black. WIP - currently no tint value
- <code>leaf</code> (medium): soft greens
- <code>beyond-our-stars</code> (medium): soft periwinkle with light pinky purple and blue

potential future ideas:
- pink and black
- something orange

i'm like, *sort of* open to color scheme suggestions, but i'm not likely to incorporate them unless a. i like them and/or b. you make it yourself (forking the repo and adding to colors.ini, or even just giving me like. actual hex codes idk.)

# bugs
if spicetify is not acting correctly while using this theme, please let me know by making an issue!
i sometimes neglect to update my spicetify for a long time so i sometimes miss breaking API changes.
